<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<head>
<style>
	p{
	  line height:1
	  font size: 20px
	  font-family: 'Oxygen', sans-serif;
	  font-family: 'Cinzel', serif;
	  font-weight: 100:
	  letter-spacing: normal:
	  }

</style>

</head>
<body>
He's as radical as you'd think he'd might be. If ... I'm not just my dad,
I'm ... you know ... petting up the river to kill another part of me, which
is 'courage'. Because I'm just ... um .... I don't know. Why give an
interview when you can leave a warning, you know?  Because you have
absolute and total resolve about your decisions. If you love with violence
and you hate with violence, there's nothing that can be questioned.

Well, I think it was Nails that said I was really, really flattered, 'cause
he got it right. And I'm not ... They have zero. They have that night, and
I will forget about them as the last image of them exits my beautiful home.
And they will get out there and they will sell me, and they will lose.
Yeah, why not? 'Cause it's just pure ... pure and complete gnarlyisms. And
therefore there's nothing in the middle. I don't live in the middle
anymore. That's where you get slaughtered. That's where you get embarrassed
in front of the prom queen. And it's just not an option.

They will lose the rest of their lives as they think about me and my life
for the rest of their lives. So ... it's ... there's no ... again, bring me
a challenge, somebody. Bring me a frickin' challenge. Because, you know ...
it just ain't there. WINNING! Well, I think it was Nails that said I was
really, really flattered, 'cause he got it right. And I'm not ... Take for
instance its founder and death written ... I don't know ... broken down
plagiarist ... stayed high on acid until the day he died. I can't seem to
find that chapter in his silly book of lies. And I'm like ... guys, it's
right there in the thing. Duh! We work for the Pope. We murder people.
We're Vatican assassins.
</body>
</head>
</html>
